What are you wearing right now?
Are you alone tonight? Want to play a game?
I was thinking about you in the shower today.
I will see you in a while. I have got a sexy surprise for you.
I am wearing all red today, even the stuff underneath my dress.
What do you want me to wear later tonight?
Let’s tease.
You and me, in the back of my car tonight?
When you are around, everything starts throbbing and it is not just my heart I am talking about.
I think your lips are really sensuous. I am talking about the ones I can see, you still have to show me the other one.
If you are tired then I can give you a massage tonight. Let me know where you want my hands to work the most.
Want to scream tonight? Stop by my place for a little while.
I sometimes feel like playing with your beautiful hair… and other things too.
You know how to push the right buttons.
Next time we see each other, I am going to show you what love is.
I do not need to watch porn anymore. One look at your sexy body keeps me going.
Why are your keeping me starved?
Next time when I am around you, wear something that keeps me guessing.
I want to take you to a place called orgasmland.
Want to see my ’50 Shades of Grey’?
I am feeling very restless. Would you please come by and tie me up tonight? I will let you do whatever you want to do with me.
I want to force a few things on you tonight. Permission to be rough?
I will be your prisoner tonight.
Can I have my way with you?
If you could read my mind, you would start feeling really shy around me.
How can you turn me on so much just by looking at me?
What are your plans with me later tonight? Want to eat something delicious?
The next time you pass me by, I am going to tap it.
Your wardrobe needs to be updated. How about trying me on?
Let me be a part of your favorite fantasy?
I had a dream of you last night; you were mostly naked in it.
I can probably reach climax just by staring at your behind.
I got a whole new way to love you. Want to know what?
I feel like having some peaches and cream tonight, with you.
How about chocolate syrup all over?
What were you thinking yesterday when your hands were all over me?
I want to be naughty with you in the office.
Are your folks home tonight? I hope not. I do not want them to hear you screaming.
I have got a BIG surprise for you. It is in my pants and it will BLOW your mind.
Thanks to your skinny jeans, I already know how your behind would feel like.
I feel wasted just by looking at your pictures.
It gives me goose bumps just by thinking what will I do to your body.
Are you ready to go all night?
Did you tell me to ‘come and get it’ with your eyes last night?
Would you be my prey and I will be your hunter?
Would you like me to take you under?
My favorite thing on a dessert is whipped cream. Would you let me put it on you?
I know what you want and I think I am ready.
I got a plan for the both of us, but it involves my bed in it as well.
Just to let you know, I am a rider.
I have read some sexy things on the internet. Would you let me try it on you?
Why am I horny and you are so far away?
I think I need a doctor for this little love disease that I got. Would you please examine me from top to bottom?
I have got a new move. Will you let me show it to you later?
I have heard that you should not fight it, if you like it.
You left me turned on last night. Can you either switch it off or take it a bit further?
I really like your tie. Let us use it tonight.
Can you please save some energy for later, after you finish your gym? I have got a task for you.
I will let you frisk me if you will come and see me in next half an hour.
I will let you see mine if I will get to see yours.
Want to play tonight?
I have been thinking about some seriously racy stuff about you today.
You can look at it but you cannot touch it, YET.
Let us skip dinner tonight and eat something else.
We should stay in a hotel tonight. I am not sure if my neighbors would appreciate all the pounding noise and screaming.
I will follow you everywhere, as long as you will let me COME with you.
You have got a hypnotic cleavage. I do not think I can look at anything else but it, when we are together.
Your bulge is driving me mad.
Your dessert is HOT and READY for you.
Do you know if there is a way that I can resist those juicy lips of yours?
Why cannot I take your wet kisses out of my mind?
How will I be able to contain myself when I know that you are in the shower right now?
Did you think about me when you were in the bath tub today?
Just the smell of you gives me shivers.
I just looked at your picture on my phone and darling, you have sent my dial on high.
Let’s get dirty tonight and wash it off each other in the shower later.
I am so much into you. I want to be in you.
I am thirsty, when can I see you?
I just want to feel your weight on me.
Would you let me ride you again?
Would you send me some pictures? Pictures you have not sent to anybody else.
Tonight in the club we will have our own dancing session, in a dark corner.
I have lost something. Would you let me look for it in your pants?
How about I come by to your office and you give me a tour of your insides?
I will pick you up by 8 o’clock tonight. Wear a skirt or a dress; my hands are a bit restless today.
It is really hot today, I think I am going to take my all my clothes off and just lay in my bed. See you in ten?
 I have a JOB opportunity for you. Interested?
I was cooking something with lots of strawberries in it. I am covered in it now, would you come and lick it off me?
I am craving for you.
You are so kind to me. I am thinking of pleasing you all night tonight.
I am sending you this text with one hand, my other hand is busy. Come and join me.
You are going to be really exhausted by the end of the night tonight.
I want to serve you.
I want to kiss you so bad… all over.
I want to feel your strong grip on me.
All we are going to do tonight is teasing. Are you ready for the torture?
I am tired of sending you texts or speaking on phone. Why do not you come here and sit on the top of me?
How did you feel when I groped you in a public place last night… in my dream?
I am dripping with love and desire for you.
Come on and soak me dry with that mouth of yours

Sexting is the act of exchanging sexually titillating electronic messages with the opposite gender, usually with the person you fancy. Today’s generation is open, bold and likes to speed up everything; courtship for them is not just about holding hands, soft petting and waiting to be united into holy matrimony, before anything racy could ever happen between them. Gone are the days when just the look in your partner’s eyes could arouse you sexually, now you have to scintillate your partner’s senses by talking dirty to him/her or in sexting’s case, writing dirty. Sexting is viewed as a prequel to foreplay; it is like foreplay before foreplay, turning your partner on even before you get into the act of love-making. The key to sending a sexy text message is to keep it interesting and subtle. Do not go overboard with it; never forget it is pre-foreplay which means it is not an act of sex itself but just a hint of sexual explicitness. In the context of sexting, less is always more. The only main purpose is to keep your partner wondering about your sexual fantasies and appetite. Having said that, sexting is very sexual in its own way; there might not be a physical touch involved in it but it is like sex for the mind. Sexting is, after all, a leading way to sex. With sexting, you are letting your partner know that you are ready for the act and what are your fantasies, meaning what all you expect from your partner, in bed. It brings in the spice factor in your relationship and broadens the sexual boundaries between you and your partner. Also, some people are more comfortable to talk dirty or be racy on text messages than face to face. Sexting brings in a lot of sexual tension between two people; since it creates an atmosphere of longing and desire but there still exists physical boundaries. That is exactly what a lot of people consider incredibly sexy about a sext. It leaves you asking for more; almost brings you down to your knees and leaves you quivering with longing. It is all fun and sexy we know that, but you have got to be really careful about sending across a sext. You should know the person you are sexting to, very well. Make sure you can trust him/ her because a sext can always be forwarded. Be really sure if your partner would be up for sexting, then only press the hit button; some people are thrown off with sexts. A little teasing and a little caution can lead to a lot of fun when it comes to sexting. Do not have enough ideas for naughty sexts, here you go: